NARRATOR:
Somewhere,
hidden amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKING]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[BARKS]
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us!
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
Today's adventure starts
at the Great Elf Tree.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
This is my very special
cupcake recipe,
using flour, honey, milk,
chocolate, and an apple.
Yummy.
[GIGGLES]
Now, we add an egg.
Wow, Mom.
We give it
a little stir.
Okay.
Splish, splash,
splosh, sploosh.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[DOORBELL RINGING]
That must be Holly.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[FOOTSTEPS]
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Holly.
I'm helping Mom make cakes.
Ooh! Can I help?
Fairies are good
at making cakes.
Of course, Princess Holly.
You can help with the stirring.
That's my favorite bit.
Splashing and sploshing
the cake mixture.
[GIGGLES]
I'd like more stirring
and less splashing
and sploshing, please.
[ALL GIGGLING]
Splish, splash,
splosh, sploosh.
[GIGGLES]
Holly, maybe you should do
the stirring.
Okay, Mrs. Elf.
MRS. ELF:
Very good stirring, Holly.
It could have been
a bit more splashy.
[GIGGLES]
MRS. ELF:
Next, we put the mixture
into the cake tin.
It looks really yummy.
Mm. Can we have one now?
Sorry, Ben, I have to bake them
in the oven first.
Aw.
Can't we just cook them
with magic?
[TINKLING]
[GIGGLES]
These are elf cakes
baked without magic.
But magic can bake them
really quick.
I'll show you.
No, thanks, Holly.
Remember,
elves don't do magic.
MRS. ELF & BEN:
And we're elves.
[BLOWS HORN]
[ALL GIGGLING]
Are the cakes
ready yet?
[CHUCKLES]
They haven't even
started cooking.
Oh. Maybe Holly should use
a bit of magic.
[TINKLING]
I think a better idea
would be
if you two played outside
for a bit,
and I call you in
when the cakes are ready.
Oh. Do we have to?
Just think of
some fun games to play.
I don't feel
like playing games today.
What nonsense.
You love playing games.
[♪♪♪]
Have fun.
I wish those cakes
didn't take so long to bake.
Me too.
I suppose we might as well
try playing a game.
Okay. How about tag?
I like tag.
All right.
But you must play fair,
no magic.
Okay.
You're it.
[GIGGLES]
Can't catch me.
[♪♪♪]
[GIGGLING]
Can't catch me.
[BEN GIGGLING]
[PANTING]
You're running too fast.
BEN:
I can't help it.
Elves are good
at running fast,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN, LAUGHS]
It's not fair.
Fairies can't run
as fast as elves.
Okay, I'll hop on one leg.
Can't catch me.
[GIGGLES]
[PANTING]
You're still going
too fast.
Okay, I'll stand still.
[PANTING]
Got you.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
My turn.
Can't catch me.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
I'm going to catch you.
No, you're not.
[GIGGLING]
Can't catch me.
That's cheating.
We said no magic.
I'm not using magic.
I'm just flapping
my fairy wings.
[GIGGLING]
It's not fair.
Elves don't have wings.
I'll never catch you.
All right,
I won't use my wings.
Got you.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
Let's play a new game.
Yes. Hide-and-seek.
Okay, we'll play
hide-and-seek.
Yippee!
I love hide-and-seek.
[GIGGLES]
But no flying.
Okay, no flying.
One...two...three...
BEN: No looking!
Okay.
Four...five...
six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Coming, ready or not!
[GIGGLES]
Hm.
Ben's quite well-hidden.
Not there.
[♪♪♪]
Hm. Not there, either.
Hm. Ben, give me a clue.
Please?
BEN:
You're very cold!
[GIGGLES]
Getting colder!
Oh.
BEN: Warmer.
[CHUCKLES]
Hot.
Hotter and hotter!
[GIGGLING]
Found you.
Oh! There's no one there.
BEN:
Ice cold!
[SIGHS]
This is too boring.
I have better things to do
with my time.
Here I am!
[BOTH GIGGLE]
Found you.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Good hiding place,
eh, Holly?
It was... okay,
I suppose.
Elves always hide well,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[GIGGLES]
My turn to hide.
Remember, play fair
and no flying or anything.
No flying, I promise.
[GIGGLING]
One, two, three...
[PANTING]
I'll never find anywhere good
to hide in time.
Hm. Ben said no flying,
but he didn't say no magic.
[GIGGLES]
What do you think, wand?
Shall we do a teeny bit
of magic?
[TINKLING]
No, wand,
I'm sure Ben won't mind.
[TINKLING]
Abraca dibbely dibble
Make me invisible
[GIGGLES]
BEN:
Coming, ready or not!
Hm.
HOLLY:
Very, very, very ice cold.
Oh.
HOLLY:
Colder than a polar bear.
Hm...
[HOLLY GIGGLES]
Aha, I see.
[GIGGLES]
You might as well give up.
You'll never find me.
I wonder where Holly can be?
Maybe she's not
in the meadow at all.
[GIGGLING]
It's no good,
Holly's hidden too well.
I'll never find her.
[GIGGLES]
Found you!
Oh! How did you find me?
I'm invisible.
Oh, I'm not invisible.
The magic's worn off.
Magic?
Oh, um, I was just using
a teeny bit of magic.
Hm.
Anyway, let's play
a different game.
I promise not to use
flying or magic.
Okay. Let's play
a game of--
MRS. ELF:
Ben! Holly!
Children!
The cupcakes are ready!
Oh, Mrs. Elf.
Do we have to
come in?
Can we just play
one more game?
Well, I never!
I thought
a certain fairy princess
and a certain elf
found playing games boring.
But, Mom, we've hardly been
playing any time at all,
and you said
the cakes would take ages.
[GIGGLES]
The cakes have taken ages.
Have they?
The time's whizzed by
because you were enjoying
yourselves.
Time does that.
BOTH:
Oh.
Would you like
a cupcake each?
BOTH:
Yes, please.
[♪♪♪]
Mm. Delicious.
Mm. Yummy.
These cakes are the best.
And Mrs. Elf
didn't even use any magic.
[CHUCKLES]
Thank you, Holly.
I think it was your stirring
that made all the difference.
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
Do you want to see
a trick?
Okay.
I can make this cake
disappear.
How?
I thought elves
didn't do magic.
Watch carefully.
[DRUMROLL]
[MUNCHING]
Ta-da!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the little castle.
[THUNDER ROLLING]
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
BEN & HOLLY:
Ooh!
[SNEEZES]
Daddy, you've blown
our cards over.
I can't help it, Holly,
I'm very ill.
You've jus got a cold,
that's all.
Uh, no.
It's not just a cold.
It feels worse than that.
Daddy's a bit grumpy.
Daddy's always grumpy
when he's ill.
Then why don't you use
a little fairy magic
to make me better?
Darling, you know fairy magic
can cure everything,
except the common cold.
It's not a common cold!
It's something serious,
and it needs sorting.
All right,
I'll try a little magic.
Abracadabra
[SNEEZES]
[BLOWS NOSE]
Now I'm sneezing and
I've got a stuffed-up nose.
Sorry, but I told you
magic wouldn't work.
Perhaps you should see
the elf doctor.
Is that the elf doctor?
Yes, the King is ill.
Sneezing
and a stuffed-up nose.
I know, but he thinks
it's serious.
Thank you. Goodbye.
[♪♪♪]
You rest in bed, darling,
and wait for the doctor.
Hm.
[DOORBELL RINGING]
The doctor is here.
KING:
That's just the Wise Old Elf.
I'm not just
the Wise Old Elf.
I'm also a qualified doctor.
Oh, I see.
Well, Doctor, I am not well.
I keep sneezing,
my nose is blocked up,
and my head aches.
I see.
Could you open you mouth
and stick your tongue out?
Aah.
Now look up, look down
and wiggle your feet
Hm.
Now flap your arms
like a bird and whistle.
[WHISTLING]
Interesting.
At last, a thorough
medical examination
by a qualified doctor.
What you have is a case
of acute viral nasopharyngitis.
Aha! You see?
It is something bad.
Otherwise known as
the common cold.
Is that all?
No. You're grumpy
as well.
[ALL LAUGHING]
Well, Doctor,
can you make me better?
Uh, let me see
what I've got.
Aah. this should do
the trick.
Does it taste bad?
Let's just say
it doesn't taste good.
I'm not having it.
HOLLY:
Daddy, we all have
to have medicine
when we're ill.
Oh.
[SLURPS]
[COUGHING]
Hm. That's
interesting.
I wasn't
expecting that.
Well, it does say
cough mixture.
[COUGHING]
I know a recipe that can cure
all kinds of colds,
whether they be common
or not.
Expanding hands, itchy ears,
hairy teeth, smelly noses,
baldness.
Aah! Here it is.
The common cold.
I just need to find
the right ingredients.
Can we help you,
Nanny Plum?
Of course.
[KIDS GIGGLE]
Uh, Nanny Plum.
What's in this medicine
of yours?
Oh, just blackberry juice,
lemon and sugar,
and a few other things.
Nanny, what other things
do we need?
Let's see.
A dewdrop
from a spider's web...
BOTH:
Ooh!
The slime from a slug...
[BOTH GRUNT]
And un rot de grenouille.
BOTH: What's that?
Frog burp.
[BOTH GRUNT]
You'll never get Daddy
to drink that.
[LAUGHS]
Oh, no, it would be
most unfortunate
if anyone
were to drink this.
This is a potion
for rubbing on his feet.
BOTH:
Ooh!
[CLANGS]
Right. First we need
a dewdrop on a spider's web.
HOLLY:
Look. A dewdrop.
Stop, Holly!
It's not a good idea to fly
around Madame Spider.
HOLLY:
Why, Nanny?
The flutter of our fairy wings
is like a fly,
and she likes
to eat flies.
Eat flies?
[BOTH GROAN]
Shh.
Yes, that's just
what spiders do.
You like to eat ice cream,
spiders like to eat flies.
They have
very smelly breath.
Uh, excuse me,
Madame Spider?
[SQUEAKING]
Could we possibly
collect a dewdrop
from your lovely web here?
It is to make some medicine
for the King.
[SQUEAKING]
Madame Spider says, "Yes."
I'll get
the dewdrop, Nanny.
Elves are very good
at climbing, and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[GIGGLES]
[♪♪♪]
Hooray!
NANNY:
Very good!
Now we need the slime
from a slug.
[♪♪♪]
Look! A slug.
Holly, perhaps you could do
the asking this time?
You might have to shout
a little, though,
because slugs cannot
hear very well
Why is that,
Nanny?
NANNY:
Because they have no ears.
Can't we just take some slime
from the ground?
You can't go around collecting
someone else's slime
without asking them first.
It's not polite.
Hello, Mr. Slug!
Louder.
Hello!
Uh, my daddy, the King,
isn't well.
We need some of your slime
to make his medicine.
Can we collect some
in this jar, please?
[MUMBLING]
I think that means,
"Yes."
[HOLLY & BEN GIGGLING]
Thank you ever so much!
Well done, Holly.
Let's check our list.
A dewdrop.
Here, Nanny Plum.
Slug slime.
Last of all,
we need a frog burp.
Mm, this could be tricky.
[♪♪♪]
HOLLY:
There's a frog, Nanny.
Oh! Good morning, Mr. Frog.
[CROAKS]
Would you be so good
as to burp into this jar,
please?
Try and relax, that's it.
Ugh.
We haven't got all day.
To make babies burp,
you rub their backs.
Okay, I'll rub
the frog's back.
[SQUEAKING]
I can hear something.
[RUMBLING]
[BURPS]
HOLLY & BEN:
Hooray!
Back to the kitchen.
[♪♪♪]
Now, let's mix
all the ingredients.
Blackberry, sugar, lemon,
dewdrop, slug slime,
and finally, frog burp.
[BURPING]
And now, the magic words.
[TINKLING]
Sugar and spice
Glug, glug, glug
Burp of a frog
Slime of a slug
[TINKLING]
[GRUNTS]
That's going to taste
horrible.
No, Ben.
Remember, it's a potion
to rub on the feet,
not to drink.
Nobody would drink this.
[♪♪♪]
Oh, my, that is bad.
[GULPING]
[ALL GASP]
[GRUNTS]
And it tastes disgusting!
Daddy, you shouldn't
have drunk it.
[GASPS]
You should have rubbed it
on your feet.
What?
I wonder what
will happen now.
Let's see what the book says.
Uh, blah, blah, blah.
Oh, dear.
KING:
What is it?
Silly me.
It's not a recipe
for cold medicine after all.
It's a cure for baldness.
[ALL GASP, KING ROARS]
But I must say,
Your Majesty,
long hair
really does suit you.
[GIGGLING]
Nanny Plum?
I think my cold has gone.
[IN UNISON]
Hooray!
[SNEEZES, COUGHS]
Oh! I seem to have caught
the King's cold.
Oh, poor
Nanny Plum.
Now I'm going to take personal
charge of getting you better.
HOLLY & BEN:
Heh, heh! Can we help too?
Of course,
you can.
The more the merrier.
[COUGHS]
Please, that's not
necessary, Your Majesty.
Oh, but it is.
[SNEEZES]
[♪♪♪]